when preparing for self-driving vehicles we need
to ensure that the instruments aiming to replace
human senses are able to generate equally fast
reactions intelligence as we humans have is needed
ultra fast 5g together with its g5 connectivity
enables smart communication between vehicles
and novel real-time services increasing the
vehicle's intelligence and situational awareness
let's see how it works data from the
sensors of the car is sent to an mec server
the data is then analyzed and processed locally
warnings and information are sent
back to cars traveling in the area
accurate and real-time data is the oil of the
intelligence for quick decision making of the
vehicle steering commands and for safety vtt is
the hub for developing revolutionary solutions
for broadband and time-critical 5g connectivity
edge computing and vehicle applications you